 Copyright (C) 2007 Free Software Foundation, Inc. <http://fsf.org/>
  To protect your rights, we need to prevent others from denying you
these rights or asking you to surrender the rights.  Therefore, you have
know their rights.
  Developers that use the GNU GPL protect your rights with two steps:
(1) assert copyright on the software, and (2) offer you this License
  "Copyright" also means copyright-like laws that apply to other kinds of
  "The Program" refers to any copyrightable work licensed under this
in a fashion requiring copyright permission, other than the making of an
infringement under applicable copyright law, except executing it on a
feature that (1) displays an appropriate copyright notice, and (2)
  All rights granted under this License are granted for the term of
copyright on the Program, and are irrevocable provided the stated
rights of fair use or other equivalent, as provided by copyright law.
not control copyright.  Those thus making or running the covered works
your copyrighted material outside their relationship with you.
11 of the WIPO copyright treaty adopted on 20 December 1996, or
is effected by exercising rights under this License with respect to
users, your or third parties' legal rights to forbid circumvention of
appropriately publish on each copy an appropriate copyright notice;
"aggregate" if the compilation and its resulting copyright are not
used to limit the access or legal rights of the compilation's users
part of a transaction in which the right of possession and use of the
for which you have or can give appropriate copyright permission.
add to a covered work, you may (if authorized by the copyright holders of
    e) Declining to grant rights under trademark law for use of some
modify it is void, and will automatically terminate your rights under
license from a particular copyright holder is reinstated (a)
provisionally, unless and until the copyright holder explicitly and
finally terminates your license, and (b) permanently, if the copyright
  Moreover, your license from a particular copyright holder is
reinstated permanently if the copyright holder notifies you of the
copyright holder, and you cure the violation prior to 30 days after
  Termination of your rights under this section does not terminate the
licenses of parties who have received copies or rights from you under
this License.  If your rights have been terminated and not permanently
modify any covered work.  These actions infringe copyright if you do
give under the previous paragraph, plus a right to possession of the
rights granted or affirmed under this License.  For example, you may
rights granted under this License, and you may not initiate litigation
  A "contributor" is a copyright holder who authorizes use under this
purposes of this definition, "control" includes the right to grant
conditioned on the non-exercise of one or more of the rights that are
author or copyright holder as a result of your choosing to follow a
the "copyright" line and a pointer to where the full notice is found.
    Copyright (C) <year>  <name of author>
    <program>  Copyright (C) <year>  <name of author>
if any, to sign a "copyright disclaimer" for the program, if necessary.
0
